---
layout: post
title: Week 8
subtitle: Now lets get to it!
comments: true
published: true
---

**Monday the 2019-02-18:**

On this day I had some ERFA meetings. ERFA is a business term. An ERFA meeting consist of a small group of people with same professional interests. In this context the professional interests is the same as the areas I will be focusing on this 4th semester.

I went to the following ERFA meetings.
- Databases
- JavaScript frameworks
- Software Architecture
- Web development

In all of those meeting I met with people, who also had these subjects as areas that they are working with.

These meetings was about how we are going to use these subjects, and how they relate with the project we are making parallel 

That was it for today. I hope you enjoyed your read.

**Tuesday the 2019-02-19:**

On this day we met up with Ordbogen with our questions we had prepared.

The meeting was very loose and constructive. We ended up with all of our questions answered and know we have a broader idea of what usecases and backlog items to create. 

Afterwards I went to the local libary to turn in some books. I ended up looking for programming books in my native language, Danish.

I ended up with borrowing some C# books and some books about the Object Oriented way of thinking. It gives an another dimension on my understanding, reading about these topics in danish.

Furthermore I started a learning path on Pluralsight about Angular. The first coure is about the fundamentals, and afterwards the difficulty will rise to more advanced topics.

That was all for this day

**Wednesday the 2019-02-20:**

This day was used most for following the courses I had found and reading the books I have found at the libary.

Angular2+ has been very interesting to start learning about, and I begin to see some possibilites.

I do however have kept my eyes on [Blazor](https://blazor.net/). It seems very interesting WebAssembly doing making my C# readable for the browser. Look forward to experiment with that, when it's out of it's experimental started.

That was all for this day

**Thursday the 2019-02-21:**

More reading and Angular courses.

**Friday the 2019-02-22:**

My project group and I met up at our college to discuss some of the answers Ordbogen had given to us.

That resulted in some discussions about what kind of services we would like to have in our program, and what theses services should have as functionality.

Afterwards we went to our college's libary, because they have more updated material. 

I lended Robert C. Martins books *Clean Architecture* and *Clean Code*. I ended up reading 1/3 of *Clean Architecture*. This guy knows how to explain, and gives some great insight in the Software Development world. Very nice book.

I also lended Martin Fowlers book *Patterns of Enterprise Apllication Architecture*. This book is when I start developmenting and experimenting. Look forward to use it. 

Last but not least I found a book about SOA on danish - but that got me wondering; what is the difference between Microservices and SOA? After some reading on the internet the difference seem small - Microservices is just a more modern way to interpret SOA. But, I think I need more research about this topic.

That was all for this day and week!
